---
title: "Moai Logging"
---

Logging with Moai Cloud
-----------------------

### Configuring Your Logs

When setting up a new service or viewing the edit page for one of your services you can adjust two logging settings.

"Min Log Level" controls the lowest severity at which Moai Cloud will store your logs. Any messages logged below that level will be discarded.

"Log Parameters" lets you tell Moai Cloud to log all parameters passed into this service. It is useful when building and debugging a service, but can create excessive log entries or store sensitive private data if left on for production services.

### Logging Messages

Moai Cloud makes use of Papertrail to provide its users with excellent real-time logging. To make it easy for you, all logging is done through a handful of functions. Each function logs a message with Papertrail at the same level as its name.

```
moai.logger:debug(msg)
moai.logger:info(msg)
moai.logger:warn(msg)
moai.logger:error(msg)
moai.logger:critical(msg)
```

### Viewing Your Logs

If you click the "Edit" button for one of your services in the dashboard you will be taken to a page with a "View logs" link in the in the top right below the header. Clicking that link will take you to a real-time streaming view of your logs.

The format your logs will be shown to you is illustrated below.

```
Mar 02 12:04:49 ServiceRoute vServiceVersion:  [  DEBUG ] main.lua@24: Your Log Message Here
```

### Moai Cloud Generated Messages

In addition to the messages you choose to log, Moai Cloud automatically generates some log messages on your behalf. Moai Cloud will automatically log all incoming requests, with their parameters if "Log Parameters" is enabled. Moai Cloud will also log any exceptions or slow queries generated by your services.
