Crittercism iOS Client Library Release Notes
================================================================================

4.3.3 - Mar 27, 2014

- fix: Crash due to bad interaction with google-cast-sdk

- fix: Memory leak

4.3.2 - Mar 13, 2014

- fix: Crittercism library causing AFNetworking to crash in
[AFURLConnectionOperation connection:didSendBodyData:totalBytesWritten:].

- fix: User metadata is now only sent when values change. Previously a bug
caused data to be sent on every call to [Crittercism setValue:forKey:].

- fix: Synchronization issue in [Crittercism logHandledException:] that caused a
crash in cr_get_battery_life.

- fix: Logging a nil breadcrumb would result in crashes not being logged to
server.

4.3.1 - Dec 18, 2013

- fix: Workaround for apps experiencing UIWebViews failing to load data on first
launch when running on iOS 7. This only occurs in apps that subclass UIWebView,
and Crittercism has filed a bug report with Apple. Note - Be aware that while
your application may not directly subclass UIWebView, this is done in many
common 3rd party libraries such as the Google AdMob and Millenial Media SDKs.

- Service monitoring ignores requests that use the data: URI scheme

- fix: Removes JSONKit library (fixes rare crash that could occur very early
during app startup while initializing JSONKit)

- Enabling Crittercism while running on iOS < 5.0+ will log and do nothing
further.

4.3.0 - Nov 6, 2013

- Query portions of URLs will be stripped by default when reported

- Query preserving filter type added to avoid new default behavior

- URL blacklist filters always take precedence over other filtering

4.2.1 - Oct 29, 2013

- Support for error monitoring on arm64 architecture (i.e. iPhone 5s)

- Support for service monitoring on arm64 architecture

- fix: Ignore URL filters when nil string supplied.

4.1.2 - Oct 29, 2013

- fix: Set deployment target back to iOS5.0 for non-arm64 configurations.

4.1.1 - Sep 30, 2013

- Renamed an internal method to avoid false positives by Apple's validation
tool.

- fix: Updated URL scheme required by iOS7 to rate an app in the app store.

4.1.0 - Sep 25, 2013

- Official support for iOS7

- Geo-location tracking for performance monitoring enabled for customers
participating in the beta program. Please contact beta@crittercism.com to sign
up.

- fix: Slow down during app launch when using performance monitoring on iOS7.

- fix: Performance monitoring no longer causes first UIWebView load to fail when
running on iOS7.

- known issue: Crash reporting and performance monitoring are disabled for arm64

4.0.7 - Aug 14, 2013

- Reduces app load time.

- fix: Resolves an issue where simulator builds could not be properly
symbolicated.

- fix: Better cleanup of temporary files created by dSYM upload script.

4.0.6 - July 31, 2013

- fix: Resolves issue where upgrading an app integrated with Crittercism < 3.4.8
to one integrated with 3.4.8+ will cause Crittercism to be disabled. This has no
effect on fresh installs.

4.0.5 - July 29, 2013

- fix: Resolves issue with data showing up in the portal.

4.0.4 - July 25, 2013

- Adds ability to filter query portion of URLs from network instrumentation.

- Temporarily disable ASI instrumentation due to App store issue.

4.0.3 - July 23, 2013

- fix: Prevent crash when accessibility settings are enabled.

4.0.2 - July 12, 2013

- fix: Internal cleanup.

4.0.1 - July 11, 2013

- Includes script to automatically upload dSYMs at build time.

4.0.0 - June 18, 2013

- Instruments HTTP traffic created by NSURLConnection or ASIHTTPRequest on iOS
5.0+

- Increases max stored offline crashes from 5 to 10 (default is still 3)

- Async breadcrumb mode performs all writes on a background thread; Previous
behavior batched multiple breadcrumbs but still performed up to one write per
iteration of the main run loop.

3.5.6 - May 28, 2013

- fix: App load count was not being reset properly on upgrades, which could
cause the user to be asked to rate too early after an upgrade.

3.5.5 - May 25, 2013

- fix: Corner case when user should be reminded to rate again but they don't
have internet access.

3.5.4 - May 24, 2013

- Add ability to configure "remind me later" count

- App foregrounds count towards the "Rate me after __ loads" count

- "Rate me" settings (has the user rated? did they click remind me later?) and
counts are reset when a new bundle version of the app is detected, i.e. when the
user upgrades their app.

3.5.3 - May 17, 2013

- fix: Don't show extra rate me dialog if app backgrounded when already visibile

3.5.2 - May 2, 2013

- fix: Small memory leak.

3.5.1 - March 11, 2013

- fix: Crash reports always send correct "Disk Space Free" statistics

- fix: Better handling of missing build version (CFBundleShortVersionString)

3.5.0 - March 1, 2013

- Added offline crash reporting

- No longer export protobuf symbols

3.4.9 - January 17, 2013

- fix: Breadcrumb file was not getting created on fresh app install.

3.4.8 - December 13, 2012

- Library automatically integrates with UserVoice if it is available

- Sends carrier data

- Sends locale data

- Adds getUserUUID method for retrieving the Crittercism generated unique ID.

3.4.7 - December 6, 2012

- Internal cleanup.

3.4.6 - November 29, 2012

- Added async mode for breadcrumb writing

- Removed delegate method that no longer applies since support forums were
removed in v 3.4

- Dropped docs from the package. The online documentation is the canonical
reference.

3.4.5 - November 6, 2012

- Internal cleanup.

3.4.0 - October 18, 2012

- Support forums have been dropped from the library.

- init* "initializer" methods have been deprecated in favor of enable* methods.

For example, you should call:

[Crittercism enableWithAppId:@"YOURAPPIDHERE"]

instead of

[Crittercism initWithAppId:@"YOURAPPIDHERE"]

This change was made to reflect the fact that the init* methods were not
actually init methods in the way most Objective-C developers would think of
them. Calling the old methods will continue to work, but will issue warnings
during your build.

- Reduce the number of headers we distribute. Crittercism.h is all you need.

- Eliminate potential conflict with JSONKit headers for users of that library.

- Improved support for delayed initialization of Crittercism.

3.3.4 - September 20, 2012

- Re-build of 3.3.3 with the official Apple release of XCode 4.5.

3.3.3 - RC) (September 13, 2012

- Support for iOS 6

- Adds support for ARMv7s Architecture

- Drops support for ARMv6 Architecture

3.3.2 - September 5, 2012

- Changed max limit of breadcrumbs to 100 breadcrumbs per crash

- Changed max limit of each breadcrumb to 140 characters

3.3.1 - August 14, 2012

- Deprecated key and secret in initialization method

- Added Delegate to initialization method

3.2.6 - June 2, 2012

- fix: Bug with crittercismDidCrashOnLastLoad delegate

3.2.5 - May 2, 2012

- Upgraded JSON Library

- Added New Example App

3.2.4 - April 1, 2012

- fix: Bugs with generation of unique ID for new devices

3.2.3 - March 28, 2012

- Library no longer hashes on UDID, we now send a random identifier

3.2.1 - February 26, 2012

- fix: Bug with recursion error

3.2.0 - February 24, 2012

- Handled exception support

- When your app crashes due to an uncaught exception, we now call your existing
NSUncaughtExceptionHandler

3.1.5 - April 1, 2012

- Library no longer hashes on UDID, we now send a random identifier

- fix: Bugs with generation of unique ID for new devices

3.1.4 - February 14, 2012

- fix: Bug with recursion error

3.1.3 - February 1, 2012

- fix: Small bug Fixes

3.1.2 - January 26, 2012

- More small optimizations

3.1.1 - January 24, 2012

- Small optimizations

3.1.0 - January 22, 2012

- Added API Support for Opt-Out

- fix: Bug that causes a small number of crashes to be symbolized incorrectly

3.0.7 - January 9, 2012

- fix: Minor bug with leaving breadcrumbs

3.0.6 - January 6, 2012

- fix: Bug with resuming from background

3.0.5 - January 5, 2012

- fix: Bug in the support forum that displays Anonymous for admin submitted
feedback items instead of Admin

3.0.4 - December 6, 2011

- Added support for forums

- Added backwards compatibility for v3.0.3 and below

2.9.37 - January 31, 2012

- fix: Small bug fixes

2.9.36 - January 26, 2012

- Added support for Opt-Out

2.9.35 - January 4, 2012

- fix: Bug in the support forum that displays Anonymous for admin submitted
feedback items instead of Admin

2.9.34 - December 20, 2011

- fix: Bug with storing app settings

2.9.33 - December 12, 2011

- fix: Compatability issues with JSON Library

2.9.31 - December 3, 2011

- Improvements in support forum efficiency

2.9.30 - November 30, 2011

- Patch to support iOS 3.x running XCode 4.2

2.9.29 - November 23, 2011

- Added support for iOS 3.x

2.9.27 - November 7, 2011

- Added support for breadcrumbs with signals

2.9.26 - November 2, 2011

- Added support for sessions

- fix: Bug with breadcrumbs on first crash

- Took out CoreData requirement

2.9.25 - October 23, 2011

- Support for XCode 4.2

2.9.24 - October 17, 2011

- fix: Bug with User Defaults

2.9.23 - October 8, 2011

- fix: Small bug fixes

- fix: Small memory leak

2.9.22 - October 3, 2011

- Added support for breadcrumbs

2.9.21 - October 2, 2011

- fix: Bug fixes for offline crashes

2.9.19 - September 10, 2011

- Added support for sending offline signals

2.9.18 - September 7, 2011

- Moved sending offline crashes to a background thread

2.9.17 - September 1, 2011

- Added feature that lets you pop up an alert prompting the user to rate your
app after a specified number of app loads

2.9.16 - August 17, 2011

- Added support for fatal signals

2.9.15 - August 16, 2011

- fix: Alert for submitting feedback when offline

2.9.14 - August 12, 2011

- fix: Alert when app loaded with no internet connection

- Switched JSON library to JSONKit

2.9.13 - August 7, 2011

- fix: Small memory leak on app load

- fix: Developer replied alert with rate my app

2.9.12 - August 2, 2011

- fix: Minor bugs with setting username

2.9.11 - July 24, 2011

- Added support for offline crashes

2.9.10 - July 20, 2011

- fix: Bug with leaving feedback in landscape mode

- Added notifications when user is offline

2.9.8 - July 14, 2011

- fix: Small bug with Email alert

2.9.6 - July 13, 2011

- fix: Small bug with Reachability collision

- fix: UI bug with landscape alert

2.9 - July 10, 2011

- Added Landscape Mode Support

- Added Diagnostics for offline/online

2.8 - June 20, 2011

- fix: Small bug fixes

2.7 - June 17, 2011

- Added Example Project

- fix: Diagnostics with user comments

2.6 - June 3, 2011

- Added API for setting usernames

2.5 - June 1, 2011

- Completed support for usernames

- fix: Small UI fixes

2.4 - May 19, 2011

- Minor text changes

- fix: iPad 2 Submit Feedback bug

2.1 - May 1, 2011

- Added support for usernames

2.0 - April 18, 2011

- Complete overhaul of UI Look and Feel

- fix: Minor Bug Fixes

1.7 - March 4, 2011

- fix: Bug with stacktrace for signals

1.6 - February 16, 2011

- Users can no longer submit feedback with empty titles

- fix: Minor Bug Fixes

1.5 - February 2, 2011

- Added support for crashes from signals

1.4 - January 28, 2011

- Customization of Feedback Header color and text

- fix: Minor Bug Fixes

1.2 - November 26, 2010

- Changed iPad widget to a form sheet

- fix: Minor Bug Fixes

1.1 - November 22, 2010

- Added delegate method for crittercism is closing

- Added alerts when developer responds to feedback item

- fix: Bug with love button rate my app

- Changed transition for adding new item

1.0 - November 9, 2010

- Added Support for iPad

0.9 - November 1, 2010

- Added descriptions for Feedback Items

- Added comments for Feedback Items

- Added support for Diagnostics and Uncaught Exceptions

